[Web3Modal Flutter] - Coinbase Wallet integration beta docs and more (#1303)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3modal/flutter/installation.mdx

</manifest>
```
</PlatformTabItem>
</PlatformTabs>

<details>
<summary>Coinbase Wallet specific steps</summary>
<div>

:::caution

> Coinbase Wallet support is still in beta. If you want to try it out please installs Web3Modla verion **3.1.0-beta01**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coinbase Wallet support is still in beta. If you want to try it out please installs Web3Modal version **3.1.0-beta01**
```
